[EDU-2597] Add new Main Settings page (#362)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/build/edge-application/main-settings.mdx

---

## Ports

Azion offers a simultaneous multiport solution, which means you can customize through which HTTP and HTTPS ports your application will be delivered to. You must choose *at least one port* for each protocol, but you can select from all available ports for delivery.

:::note
If you enable [HTTP/3 support](#http3-support), multiport configuration will be overwritten to the default ports 80 for HTTP and 443 for HTTPS. Simultaneous multiport isn't available for applications with HTTP/3 support.
:::

### Available ports

| HTTP Port | HTTPS Port |
| --- | --- |
| 80 (default) | 443 (default) |
| 8080 | 8443 |
| 8008 | 9440 |
|  | 9441 |
|  | 9442 |
|  | 9443 |

---

## Minimum TLS version

The **Transport Layer Security (TLS)** protocol allows you to encrypt web traffic. The following TLS versions can be used with edge applications:

- TLS 1.0 (*deprecated*)
- TLS 1.1 (*deprecated*)
- TLS 1.2
- TLS 1.3

> You can choose the minimum version of TLS that will be supported by your edge application. By choosing recent versions of the protocol, older devices or browsers might not be able to access the edge application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose the minimum version of TLS that'll be supported by your edge application. By choosing recent versions of the protocol, older devices or browsers might not be able to access the edge application.
```

Azion blocks TLS Renegotiation and TLS Resumption by default. If you want to customize this setup, [contact the Sales team](https://www.azion.com/en/contact-sales/).

---

## TLS Ciphers

Ciphers are cryptography algorithms utilized to encrypt *plaintext* into *ciphertext*, which requires a key to be decrypted. Azion gives you the possibility to change the *cipher suite* your edge application will use in order to protect your application against TLS attacks.

> The cipher suite will determine which cryptographic algorithms will be used in the TLS connections of your edge application. Both, client and server, will *negotiate* the cipher suite to securely encrypt and decrypt the data exchanged during the session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cipher suite will determine which cryptographic algorithms will be used in the TLS connections of your edge application. Both client and server will *negotiate* the cipher suite to securely encrypt and decrypt the data exchanged during the session.
```
